File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
conversation;113.658;AWS;doesn't have a degree. I'm talking a lot of people who are traditional admits, and they have basically self, some sort of automation, even if it's bearable. Batch trips to initialize an instance the same way, regardless of what your initialized. So if you're doing unit clinic, whatever, even with those, they're trying to find that convenience, the whole solution, that'll work across right. And so they ensure that that's the spin up. And as long as that's the case and I mean I mean people, right? If somebody goes rolled in, does it? You can't help that as a cultural thing and people think. But now, at that point, when you catch it, you have to cut off the network. I say it's not compliance and then rerun the process. This is kind of hard because it's easy to just put something out now because the last time you can put something out. But it's kind of a muscle memory and conduct kid becomes a habit part of you. So we're losing best practices, not for operations and development, right? There's your, uh, playing a drinking game right now. Uh, I don't, but you can have a root beer right now, whatever you do right there. You mentioned right to show how developers there enable monitoring. That's better protection and games. Okay, this is just for, you know, the class list interacting of old. But there's really no our official split that that this is only an operation. That's it as well. Uh, and that whether you're developing a brand new program or you just have to maintain, we want not exclude. If we're all operations people here not saying like that, we're never going to be a developer. You never know. I wanted to learn how the team dynamics. What I've seen is that in bigger bureaucratic companies, nothing is really hard, because what people do is or the more role. And then if you do decide to go up from down, comes out and then forced to because this happens. So the answer is alright. Do you got well, what promoted eventually get promoted to and then kind of trickling down? True, But most people that want to do technical things tend to either not want to do management or lack of skills to do management. And so that's the challenge I've seen is any gradual movement and then I started at my workplace. Don't sustain because funding from the top right. So unless you have a champion at that big boy table pushing big boys and girls table right, the professional table, all of that, uh, working professional table or the exact table unless we have that we're not any money or get budget for that in that particular type of whatever they do. So that at least the town's I've seen it where I'm working with people who are like technical level 56 architect of technically all of that. But even there, they don't control the budget, right? The budget comes from upper management director of Yes, but they were never right. It doesn't exactly make it effective. Yeah. Oh, that would be great. But goes back. They have an interest in understanding the tax, and there's also that they're there because they don't want to do the job. You're doing proximity to me, the money for it. So hopefully over at the generations ago and he has displayed here and you online watching as graduating, go and kind of multiply the knowledge that might might start over in time. We might be at the end. So, uh, 15. What is monitoring mission here may not be aware of it, or they have some idea. Uh, why? Yeah, I know. Yeah, for a weekend. Yeah. Yeah. So what? What is? Yeah?;1590;0.5948012232415902;0.8856627064480964;0.7925954696681687
conversation;208.636;DeepSpeech;i take people who are traditional action tobaccay felt some sort of word automation even if it barbarities an instance the same way regardless of whether initial in soul in their doing unattentive even windows there trying to find the afforestation were apostates and monteath insure that that dismantling is masticate and i mean people romashov on candlemas culture tingitana point when he cataouache norgate not only in eenterest o this is indirect just something out calatagerone conservatively hartebeeste cooled and antithesis that in a indoctrinates tethered to the entreaties tantantarara table of a barrel faculty ball or the exact unless he had that would larothiere whatever they do so that leonidas where i'm working with people who are like canopies artificial but even there they don't control the budget retournemer episode;3205;0.18323139653414888;0.595810507480648;0.5711009174311926