of freaked out a little bit and started hiring their first usability and user experience. Engineers so and now there are three jobs at Microsoft. Is anyone know these three jobs at Microsoft. Developer? Yeah, Developer. UI/UX? Yeah, UI/UX, tester. That's it. Because the only three jobs at Microsoft. So this field is about one of the only three jobs. Of course, Vice President, Right? That's their other job. And president, Um, not all of us can be Steve Balmer, though. So we'll take the UX job or the developer and tester job. So, um my because I started adding those positions into their company. Obviously, Google cares a lot about user experience. And what do you think the medium salary for a user experience designer would be. Anyone know? No one has a friend who's a UX person. Is kind of a fun job. Um, probably about $75,000 a year. A senior UX. Designer makes about $150,000 a year, So these jobs now are about the same salary ranges as development jobs quite honestly and you'll see people charging $5,000 $10,000 dollars for like a one weekend UX workshop for companies kind of crazy now. So this field has exploded. And like the last seven years, it's very important. It's part of the Avet, um curriculum accreditation. So that's why, as an undergrad, you are forced to take it. Ha ha ha. For see you. So that's why if you're an undergrad, that's probably why you're in here. If you're a grand soon, hopefully realize that the UX job is a fun take job. And, while, you need to know about development and a lot of us jobs. Um, require you knowing, um, a lot about, uh, application development. Um, well, so you're telling people what to do and designing how they're supposed to be doing it. So that's what we're going to work with in this class is designing what to do and telling other people how to do it. Um, of course you will have the opportunity to do it yourself if he's like. So let's talk about what's the content of this course? Um, has anyone worked in design at all? Graphic design, designers, design Marine oh, you are. Give me that. So we're gonna be talking about some general UI principles and theories. Um, I'd like to think of this class this semester is an oh, much to Steve Jobs. So we want to learn how to be Steve jobs. Um, Steve jobs know how to make computer applications? No, no, didn't know how to write a line of code. Oh god did not know how to do anything, what he knew how to do with the yell at people a lot and what to see Jobs yell at people a lot for. It's not good. Make it again. That's what Steve Jobs bottom line is, it's not going to go back and make it again. Make it again. Make it again. Make it again until it's good. So what you want to work on is developing an idea of what is good. This will help you when you develop your applications to make them good. And it would also help you if you wanted to go into more management, designer, director. Um creative job where you tell other people how to make things look good. So I want you to put that Steve Jobs kind of paradise. I'm in your brain for this class. Not good until it's good. So I'll be talking about design message and processes. Um, does anyone know that the Institute of design and IIT has a degree that's kind of in this area. We will be going through a lot of the design methods and processes that you would be doing if you were, um, at institute of design. So you'll kind of get that ID perspective. Um, we're gonna be talking about interface principal standards, guidelines, design. Ah, usability testing. Usability is huge now there are companies that only do his ability testing. How hard do you think usability testing is to do. Not that hard. Really, not that hard. So, um, just the act of being interested in how people use computers and how you can make computers more usable for people like your parents or your grandparents or your siblings or those of you around you how are confused by their phone, right? How can you make things that are easier for them to use? How can you make things that will win out in market share? Because, really, at this point in time, with all the applications available, do you think there's there's any application that, like, hasn't been made so