File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
fem1;82.787;AWS;of freaked out a little bit and started hiring their first usability and user experience. Engineers so and now there are free jobs that Microsoft Does anyone know the three jobs at Microsoft Developer? Why? Yeah, developer U I. U x tester. That's it would be the only three jobs at Microsoft. So this field is about one of the only three job. Of course. Vice President, Right? That's our other job and president. Um, not all of us can be Steve Balmer, though, So we'll take the U. S. Jobs or the developer Tester jump. So, um, Microsoft started adding those positions into their company. Obviously, Google cares a lot about user experience. And what do you think the median salary for a user experience designer would be? I don't even know. No one has a friend who's a U. S. Person kind of a fun job. Um, probably about $75,000 a year. A senior U. S. Designer makes about 100 and $50,000 a year, So these jobs now are about the same salary ranges. Is development jobs quite honestly and you'll see people charging $5000.10,000 dollars for like a one weekend you x workshop for companies. It's kind of crazy now, So this field has exploded in, like, the last seven years is very important. It's part of the AAA that, um curriculum accreditation. So that's why, as an undergrad, you are forced to take it. Ha ha ha for seeing you. So that's why if you're an undergrad, that's probably why you're in here. If you're grand soon, hopefully realize that the U. S. Job is a fun take job, and, well, you need to know about development and a lot of us jobs. Um, require you knowing, um, a lot about, uh, application development. Um, mostly you're telling people what to do and designing how they're supposed to be doing it. So that's what we're gonna work with in this class is designing what to do and telling other people how to do it. Um, of course, you will have the opportunity to do it yourself if you'd like. So let's talk about what's the content of this course? Um, has anyone worked in design at all? Graphic design designers design Marina, you are Don't give me that. So we're gonna be talking about some general HDI principles and theories. Um, I'd like to think of this class this semester is an oh, much to Steve Jobs. So we want to learn how to be Steve Jobs. Um, the steam jobs know how to make computer applications? No, no. Didn't know how to write a line of code. God did not know how to do anything, What he knew how to do with the yell at people a lot. And what does she jobs yellow people a lot for right. It's not good making again. That's what saved jobs. Bottom line is, it's not good to go back and make it again. Make it again. Make it again and make it again until it's good. So what you want to work on is developing an idea of what is good. This will help you when you develop your applications to make them good. And it would also help you if you wanted to go into more management. Designer director um creative job where you tell other people how to make things look good. So I want you to put that Steve Jobs kind of paradise. I'm in your brain for this class. It's not good until It's good. So we're talking about design methods and processes. Um, does anyone know that the Institute of design and I t has a degree that's kind of in this area. We're gonna be going through a lot of the design methods and processes that you would be doing if you were, um, at Institute of Design. So you'll kind of get that ID perspective. Um, we're gonna be talking about interface principal standards. Guidelines design, uh, usability testing. Usability is huge. Now there are companies that only do usability testing. How hard do you think usability testing is to do Not that hard, really? Not that hard. So, um, just the act of being interested in how people use computers and how you can make computers more usable for people like your parents or your grandparents or your siblings or those of you around you who are confused by their phone, right? How can you make things that are easier for them to use? How can you make things that will win out in market share? Because, really, at this point in time, with all the applications available, do you think there's there's any application that, like, hasn't been made so;293;0.9303872653837015;0.9697249850587547;0.9019454745998955
fem1;200.380;DeepSpeech;a little bit and started hiring their first usability and user experience engineersso and now there are three jobs at microsoft as any one know the three jobs at microsoftdeveloper you are you a tester that's it the only three jobs at microsoftso this field is about one of the only three job of course vice president right asserted and president not all but can be steve balmer though so we'll take the straps or the developer tester jobsa license positions into their company obviously google cares a lot about use experience and what do you think the mean salary for use experience designer would bei want nowas a friend who's a person to funda on however five thousand dollars a year a senior you exercise makes about a hundred fifty thousand dollars a yearthese jobs now are about the same salary ranges is development of quite honestly and you'll see people charging five thousand dollars ten thousand dollars for like a one week end x workshop for companiescrazy now so this field has exploded and like the last seven years and very important it's part of the a beti creation so that's why as an undergrad you are forced to take it ha ha ha for see you that's why if her ungraspable why you're in here for grand soon hopefully realized that the u s job is a fun take job and will you need to know about development of a lot of you exhorting you knowing a lot about application development mostly your telling people what to do and designing how their supposed to be doing it to let water going to work with in this class is designing what to do and telling other people how to do it an of course you will have to oportunity yourself if he's like so as about what the content of this coursethe one worked and designed and all graphic designmaria you aregive me that we were eating about the general as principles and theories i like to think of this class this semester is an homage to steve jobs so he went learn how to be sebastian now how to make computer applications now no denotative a code a guide not a hundred do anything when he knew how to do was the yellow people a lot and what the sea jobs and yellow people aforenot good make it again that's what seemed a bowline as it's not good go back and make it again make it again make it again make it again until it's goodwe want to work on is developing an idea of what is good this will help you when you develop your applications to make them good and when also help you if you wanted to go into more management designer director on creative job where you tell other people how to make things look good so i want you to put that steve jobs kind of parading your brain for this class not good until it's good to be talking about design methods and processes and does any one know that the institute of design and i hate has a degree that kind of in this area where be going to a lot of the design methods and processes that you would be doing if you were at institute designyou'll kind of get that id perspective on were we talking about interface principles standers guidelines design a usability testing usability is huge now there are companies that only do usability testing how hard the thing easily testing is to donot that hard really not that hard so i just the act the men interested in how people use computers and how you can make computers more usable for people like your parents or your grandparents or your siblings or those of you around you are confused by their phone right up an make things that are easier for them to use how can you make things that will win out in market share because really at this point in time with all the applications available to think there is there's any application that like has in been made;927;0.7797576621525303;0.8707135447712805;0.8032134703875807