Here I go. you're like, Oh, gasoline, exploding something, something right, and you would probably kind of build this visualization in your head of those things in your car doing those things right? Oh, steering. And I picture the the wheels turning like there's, you know, like they're directly connected to the steering wheel. You know, that is your mental model of how a car works. You know, it's not actually how a car works, but it's what we perceive as how a car works. Um, another place where people have a lot of strong mental models are, um, with things like electricity. So electricity people think of this is like this hose or, you know, like when they plug something into the outlets, something comes out like something could come out of that outlet. This electricity pour out of the outlet when nothing's plugged into it. No, no, But you would have us believe that it's like a garden hose when you plug something in like electricity flows through the hose, you know. But that's, you know, you can't really see electricity. We just have this kind of picture in our head of that's what's going on. So the reason why we use metaphors and mental model when we're designing interfaces or designing um applications is because that's what people know, right? If I ask someone to, you know, hierarchical describe a file system, maybe like I don't know what you're talking about, right? But if I said, what's your mental model of your files on your computer? They would probably think of like Windows Explorer and the little folders, like a little folder tree right? That would be their mental model of how the files on their computer are organized. In real life what are the files on your computer? There are little edges in your hard drive, right? That's it. They're not like there's no folders inside of your laptop. You open it up, there's a little gerbil, and they're filing everything. That's not what happens, right? So the mental model is what people know, you know, because they have lack of understanding of the real um, operations. They kind of build this fake picture in their head of this is how it works. Um, so when we use things like trash can. People associate trash can with throwing things away, so we, you know, get show them a trash can to signify: Hey, this is how you throw things away. Are you really throwing things away on your computer? Are you really throwing that email away? Are you walking over to a garbage can and putting that paper email? No, that's not what happens. So we use metaphor and and we play into people's mental models when we make interfaces, because that's what they know. So we have the garbage cans to throwaway files. We have, um, the magnifying glass, right? Because when people see magnifying glass, they think that means look at it or zoom, or it's going to be magnified. Is it really magnifying the way a magnifying glass works? No, it's just, you know, pushing up your resolution. But people say magnifying glass and they go zooming right. They know what that is. Um, let's see if this guy is still alive. Um, we can think of. We see a lot of interface matter fours with mobile applications, right? Because, uh, on the computer, most people who use a computer on a regular basis you know something about the computer eventually, but on mobile phones you're talking about, these are users who probably don't know anything, and they're metaphor. Their mental model is still phone right when you pick up your cell phone. Is it like like the old wired phones where there was analog electricity going through the wire through the public switched telephone network? Is that what happens on your cell phone? No. What is your phone? It's not a super tiny computer, and that's all it is. It's a super tiny, super tiny touchscreen, right? Take your laptop. I have a tablet computer, so shrink this guy down. That's all the phone is. Why do we still have buttons and stuff like looking like it's a regular phone, right? It's not a regular phone, it's a computer. But we we make it seem like touch these buttons and you call a person just like a regular phone, because that's what people know. If we gave them new phone interface, I'd be like, I don't know what that is. I don't know how to use that phone right? That's why things like soft phone's kind of fail because people are not familiar with, like, phone on their computer. They want the phone to be, you know, the