File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
fem3;82.884;AWS;you're like, Oh, gasoline, exploding something, something right And you would probably kind of build this visualization in your head of those things in your car doing those things right? Oh, steering. And I picture the the wheels turning like there's, you know, like they're directly connected to the steering wheel. You know, that is your mental model of how a car works. You know, it's not actually how a car works, but it's what we perceive as how a car works. Um, another place where people have a lot of strong mental models are, um, with things like electricity. So electricity people think of is like this hose or, you know, like when they plug something into the outlets, something comes out like something could come out of that outlet. This electricity pour out of the outlet when nothing's plugged into it. No, no, But you would have us believe that it's like a garden hose when you plug something in like electricity flows through the hose, you know. But that's, you know, you can't really see electricity. We just have this kind of picture in our head of that's what's going on. So the reason why we use metaphors and mental model when we're designing interfaces or designing um applications is because that's what people know, right? If I ask someone to, you know, hierarchical describing file system, maybe like I don't know what you're talking about, right? But if I said, What's your mental model of your files on your computer? They would probably think of like Windows Explorer and the little folders, like a little folder tree right? That would be their mental model of how the files on their computer are organized in real life. What are the files on your computer? The little X's in your hard drive, right? That's it. They're not like there's no folders inside of your laptop. You open it up, there's a little gerbil, and they're filing everything. That's not what happens, right? So the mental model is what people know, you know, because they have lack of understanding of the real um, operations. They kind of build the steak picture in their head of this is how it works. Um, so when we use things like trash, can people associate trash can with throwing things away, so we, you know, get show them a trash can to signify Hey, this is how you throw things away. Are you really throwing things away on your computer? Are you really throwing that email away? Are you walking over to a garbage can and putting that paper email? And no, that's not what happens. So we use metaphors and and we play into people's mental models when we make interfaces, because that's what they know. So we have the garbage cans of throwaway files we have, um, the magnifying glass, right? Because when people see magnifying glass, they think that means look at it or zoom, or it's going to be magnified. Is it really magnifying the way a magnifying glass works? No, it's just, you know, pushing up your resolution. But people say magnifying glass and they go zooming right. They know what that is. Um, let's see if this guy is still alive. Um, we can think of. We see a lot of interface matter fours with mobile applications, right? Because, uh, on the computer, most people who use a computer on a regular basis you know something about the computer eventually, but on mobile phones you're talking about, these are users who probably don't know anything, and they're metaphor. Their mental model is still phone right when you pick up your cell phone. Is it like like the old wired phones where there was analog electricity going through the wire through the public switched telephone network? Is that what happens on your cell phone? No. What is your phone? It's not a super tiny computer, and that's all it is. It's a super tiny, super tiny touchscreen, right? Take your laptop. I have a tablet computer, so shrink this guy down. That's all the phone is. Why do we still have buttons and stuff like looking like it's a regular phone, right? It's not a regular phone, it's a computer. But we we make it seem like touch these buttons and you call a person just like a regular phone, because that's what people know. If we gave them new phone interface, I'd be like, I don't know what that is. I don't know how to use that phone right? That's why things like soft phone's kind of fail because people are not familiar with, like, phone on their computer. They want the phone to be, you know, the;55;0.9875537451912197;0.9950453789468447;0.8450498246480528
fem3;196.117;DeepSpeech;the gasoline exploding something something right and you would probably kind of build as visualisation in your headthose things in your car doing those things rightsteering and i pictured the wheels turning like there's you know like they directly connected to the steering wheel you know that your mental model of how a car worksno it's not actually how a car works but it's what we perceive as how a car works oh another place where people have a lot of strong mental models are with these like electricityelectricity people think of as like this hole or you know like when the plug something into the outlet something comes out like something could come out of that outleti like it plathe outlet when nothing plugged into itnowhen you would have us believe that it's like a garden hose when you plug something in like electricity flow through the hosebut that you know you can't really see electricity we just have this kind of picture in our head and that's what's going onthe reason why we use in metaphor and mental model when we're designing inter faces or designing applications is because that's what people knowright if i ask some one too you know hierarchically describe a file system they bayou talk about right well if i said what's your mental model of your files on your computer they would probably think of like windows explorer and the little folders like a little folder tree righttheir mental model of how the files on their computer are organizedand real life what are the files on your computerthey're little aches in your hard drive right that's it they're not like there's no folders and side of your laptop hopen it up there's a little gerbil in their filing everything that's not what happens right so the mental model is what people know you know because they have lacked of understanding of the real operations they kind of build the taciturn in their head of this is how works on so when we use things like trash can people associate trash can with throwing things away so we you know yet show them a trash can to signify hey this is how you throw things away are you really throwing things away on your computer are you really throwing at email away are you walking over to a garbage can and put in that paper email and now that's not what happensnot a full hour and may we play into people mental modelswe make interface because that's what they know so we have the garbage can that throw away files we have on the magnifying glass right to look people seem magnifying glass they think that means look at it or zoo or it's going to be magnified is it really magnifying the way a magnifying glass works out you know pushing up your resolution but people seem magnifying glass and i goes women right they know what that islet's see if this guy is still aliveoh we can think of we see a lot of interface metaphors with mobile applications right because a on the computer most people who use it outer on a regular basis no something about the computer eventually but i lobata about these are users who probably don't know anything and their metaphor their mental model is still fullwhen you pick up yourself one is it like like the old wire songs where there was analogic going through the wire through the public such telephone now work is that what happens in your cell phone no what is your foe if not a super tiny computer that's all it is as a super tiny i passover tiny touch green it take your laptop i have a table computer so drinkin that's all a phone is why do we still have buttons and stuff like looking like it's a regular phone right it's not a regular phone i look computerwe make it seem like touch these buttons and you call a person just like a regular phone because that's what people know if we gave them new shone in her face alike an with that is i know how to use that phone right that's why things like soft sounds kind of fail because people are not familiar with like son on their computer they want sonoy know the;690;0.8438560760353021;0.8749454437055239;0.811533471443728