File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
masc2;82.929;AWS;Good evening. Good morning. Good afternoon. Wherever you are, whatever you're doing, this is for, uh this is, uh it's March 11th. Um, this is I t m t 4 30 This is a small companion video to a document just posted an automation demonstration. Uh, you will find in, like, board under class notes. You will find a folder that says automation demo within it. There's a pdf. This companion video is kind of an explanation and expert exposition of the content in the document. Um, here. Mhm. And we go through it to talk about, uh, some suggestions and also deposit some questions, uh, in the pursuit of automation when we moved to human out of the central focus. Um, some situations come up that we may not have thought about, right? Especially in regards to a medication secrets. Um, how to configure systems, right. Uh, what year is Are are you What kind of permission? So these are things that we want you to think about, and it's kind of training to think about the bigger picture of what's going on with the computer, right? And so we want you to know, uh, what's going on? You know. Why is it doing what it's doing? And I'm going to go through this demo. We're gonna make some suggestions on how to solve these questions. Uh, some of the suggestions are are adequate. Uh, but not maybe not the best, right? There's a lot of other options out there. Um, but I want to present you at least something, uh, in your pursuit of automating these systems. So let's go through what we have here. And I'm going to break this up into smaller chunks of videos. Uh, so that, um, some parts might be, uh, review Some parts might be, um you already know some parts. You might want to jump to the end, so let everyone take the parts as they need. Alright. So here's our automation demo, and our small demo will show the concepts of application automation, our objectives. Right. So this whole a 10 page document we're going to discuss and explain issues of authentication and access with automation. Okay, these things come up. We need to understand what we're getting into. When we decided to automate application installs, uh, we're going to understand secrets management and discuss potential software solutions, right? Very important managing secret. Uh, we're going to discuss and understand the creation and use of S S H or, uh, also known as RSA Keys. Uh, and how they work with the private repositories, right? How we can clone code. That's not public. Uh, describe and understand the functional domains of Packer in Vegas No pattern maker into two pieces of software that have two different domains. It's important to understand what their domain of you know, what they do and how they're different. Uh, and why they're we're we're gonna suggest them, uh, for use in this case, uh, we're going to describe how to manage the creation of virtual machine images and artifacts with Packer. Right? That's packers domain to build artifacts. We're going to describe how to manage, create and start those virtual machines in Vegas. Right? Vagrants job is to manage and start those virtual machines. And then we can describe how to manage private networking and virtual box in vagrant for application deployment on your local computer. And this is really an amazing feature that we have nowadays that makes this, uh, very easy. This whole idea of application animation on a laptop, your own laptop on a desktop or even on the lab computer, which we have, uh, lab facilities and the next from him over text out 2033. And finally, we're gonna describe and understand the concept of provisioning and then post processing a virtual machine art effects. This allows us to not only just install base operating system, but we can now customize it completely to be exactly the way we want right to get our image, to get our software to get a code to get dependencies everything there. So we have a full knowledge and control of what's on the system at the outcome. Right. The end of the demonstration, you'll be able to deploy and create two virtual machines. I'm gonna give you some sample code that will will get you started containing a sample no Js application in a sample relational database using TV that will insert, make a table and insert records will show you how to seed passwords for a database. And then how to, um, configuration file for the database? Uh, we're gonna use Packer and then run, run and manage it by a vagrant, and then you'll successfully deployed this application code also from a private get hubris. Both you've used s S H and securely used RSA keys and also an ex firemen variables. So in reality under the hood, we're not We're not going to really do anything you haven't done already. Um, taking the security classes you've taken.;312;0.9342465753424658;0.977912707555594;0.8966603894075348
masc2;211.257;DeepSpeech;good evening good morning good afternoon refer whether doing this is for a this is ah it's march eleventh steam the fort thirty this is a small companion video to a document just posted an automaton a demonstrationyou will find in blackboard under class notesfind a folder it says automation demo within it there is a edification video is kind of an explanation and exposition of the content in the document hereand we go through it to talk about some suggestions and also deposit some questions in the pursuit of automation we move the human outthe central focus some situations come up that we may not have thought about right utilisation secrets or how to con figure systems right or what you is are you a kind of permission so these are things that we want you to think about and is kind of training to think about the bigger picture of what's going on with the computer right and so we want you to know ah what's going on you know why is it doing what it's doing now when to go through this dam went make some suggestions on how to so all these questions are some messages tions are are adequate all but not maybe not the best right there's a lot of other options out there but i want to present you at least something as in your pursuit of automaton these systems we can so let's go through what we have here and i'm going to break this up in a smaller chunks of videos ah so thatsome parts might be review some parts might be or no some parts i might want a jump to the end all it everyone take the parts as they meet as they meet all right so harisarman demo and are small demolished the concepts of application on a mat or objective rights as whole as ten page document we're going to discuss and explain the issues of a penticton and access with automation can be things come up we need to understand what we're getting into when we decide to automated application stalls or were going to understand secret management and discuss potential software solutions right very important managing secrets or were going to discuss him understand the creation in use of sash or also known as rakes and how they work with reprises minho we can close code is not public describe and understand the functional domains of packer and vagrant no pageantries of software that have tuned different domains and important to understand what their domain of what they do and how their difference ah and why there were were going to suggest them for use in this case a we're going to describe how to manage the creation of virtual machine images and artifacts with packard right that's packers domain to build artifacts began describe how to manage createst those virgins and vagrant invigorant job is to manage and start those richlings and every ascribe how to manage private networking in virtual box and vagrant for application deployment on your local computer and this is really an amazing feature that we have now a days that makes this avery easy this whole idea of afghanistan anato you left on a desk top or even on a labour which we have laid facilities and the next remove ecoutent thirty three and finally we're going to describe and understand the concept of provisioning and then post processing of virtual cheeriest this allows us to not only just install a base operating system but we can now custome it completely to be exactly the way we want right to get our image to get our software to get a code to get dependencies everything there that we have a full knowledge and control of what's on the systemthe outcome right the end of the demonstration you'll be able to deploy and create to mortal machines among give some sample code that will we'll get you started containing a sample no jas application and a sample relational database musing greeteth will insert make a table and insert records will show you how to seed rude passwords for a day to base when the huttonian file for the day a base were going to his pack and the men run and manage it by a vagrant and menaces deployed this application code also from a private get hubert mused as she and securely used rakes and also lineament variesin reality under the hood when i went on to really do anything you haven't done already taken the security classes you've taken;948;0.8002107481559536;0.9023626424345964;0.7952717684971732