File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
masc1;92.995;AWS;Okay. Welcome. Active part too. Um, sorry. I had, um, kind of suddenly stopped there. I had a computer issue. I needed to restart completely, But we left off here the s s H kitchen commuting, and I wanted to actually show you. So I gathered a fresh system, and in order to know this is Olympic system, you can see it's a virtual machine here, but, um, RSA keys, our system agnostic. So we just type this work on windows is work on Mac, right? If you're using Windows seven, this may or may not work, but I don't think we have anybody using what he said When there's 10 as as ages now, natively part of windows. You don't have to use their party. Ah, sick win or bash S S H or or sort of get s S H or anything. It's actually now fully compiled. And and we did that exercise earlier. So if you type as his age key Jen, uh, by the fault, you'll see the the location. All right. I was going to enter. It says for past raise it. Don't want to pass phrase enter again. Will will. There You should see something that looks like this. And now if I do an l s, um, till the dot slash s s h you will see that I have, amongst other things. But do you have an idea RSA and I d r as a pub. Ah. Now, the name of the file actually doesn't matter. One of the public e one of the private key, right? You can probably guess which ones which. Um, the important part is the contents of the headers and the length and they're tell you, actually, so you could rearrange the names if you wanted to. That wouldn't change what it is. So let's just take a look real quickly. Ne cat. Uh, id RSA ne stage. Right. You see that? These lines are important. This dash, dash, begin and ends. Uh, and then here, the public e you can see right there. Now, the private Qimonda guard with your life, right? Like I'm going to destroy the key after the videos done. Um, the private key when a guard with your life? Because it's just like if I find the key to your house or way that, uh, the the swipe card to get into your business. Right. Uh, I don't have to know anything about who you are or what Uh um, what privileges you have. But as long as I can get into, um, you know, I can swipe that card or put that can lock I can get in public. E, on the other hand, is meant to be freely distributed because it's half of the keep here, unless you have the exclusive match and the chances of you randomly generating exclusive match are astronomically zero. Uh, and so the public can you can distribute. This is the whole RSA public. Keep private key. Uh, distribution of of secrets methodology that's been developed improving over and over and over again. Um, covered in a couple of your classes. Um, there. I've got a link. If you want to know more, right, there's a good link. Take it to obviously sort of Wikipedia and go from there. Um, there's a lot deeper and better information, but that just general overview if you're still not sure. Um, so we have these case we're done. Okay. Ah, Well, what do we do with them? Well, I was going to the next section deployed keys. So um, each of you were made an ad man for your teams. Repot. Not for the the whole organization, but for your team. Uh, and so if you're on team 5 18 6 or something, you know, whichever team you're on your status is all admit that you're also able to add get hope, add on and and plug ins as well. Uh, but the main point here is, you know, see that there's a settings tab. Yes. And you're able to go into the settings tab and you notice there's a link call deployed keys. Okay, so I'm going to pull this up here, uh, get of, and I'm going to pull up. Right, um 20 to pull the team from last year. Right. Team nine. Okay. And, uh, I go to settings. Right. You will see that each Mm. Uh, and then the boy keys. Now, these are they're not even keys. These are fingerprints. So you won't even actually see the public teacher. But you can see that, um, each member of the team drawn Eric Antwan CEO, right. Uh, in in case Mister Fog's put in a couple of places, each person added their own keys and then down here. And this This is my my key up here, I added. Right. Um and so what I'm going to do is come back to this little sample one I showed you here and this is the public came in a copy to public E content. Thank you.;205;0.9517987303080179;0.9827458136354122;0.8966380172398165
masc1;193.411;DeepSpeech;okay welcome back the part to a tory had em consumedly stopped there and a tissue and enterest completelywe left off here the asses keen comment and then i wanted to actually show youi gathered a fresh system and in order to notice is a livin system causes a birdaline here butkeys are system gnostic so we just type this govinda as for one man rightare you using windows seven this mare may not work but i don't think we have but using the senate as his age is not natively part of windows you know catouse third party singin or bash essares astraying it's actually now fully compiled and we did that exercise earlier so if he typed as askinta you'll see the the location i undegenerate for pass raison want to pass phrase and her again well well there you should see something to look like this and now if i go in hellastill the dot lashes as age he will see that i haveother things but you have an idea and draw the name of the file actually doesn't matter one's public key on the private key right you can probably guess which ones which the important part is the contents of the heaters of the length and their tell you actually so you could rearrange the names if you wanted to that wouldn't change what it is so i just take a look real quickly to resist ideassee that these lines are important the dash dash began and endsand then here the public eye you can see right there now the private key on a guard with your life right line i'm going to destroy this key of the videos done the private key went a guard with your life because it's just like if i find the key to your house or the the the sidecar beginning to your business right ah i don't have a militant you are or what what provided you have but as long as i can get intoi can swipe that card or put that key and lock i can get in the public cleather hand is meant to be freely distributed because its half of the keeperless you have the exclusive match and the chances of you randomly generate these clusive match are astronomically zeroand so the public undistributed this is the whole a publick private key distribution of secrets methodology distended improve an over norandino ere old in a couple of your classes there are got a link if you want to know more ritter's good link take it too obviously sorted and scoro there there's a lot deeper and better information but that just general overview of your still not sure so we have these keyswe're donebut what do we do with them well as gannet section deploy keys so each of you were made an admirer teams repot not for the whole organization but for your teamand so if you're on team five and ten six or some you know which ever teen year on your status as all admit that you're also able to add get hoaton plug in as well but the main point here is you now see that there's a settings taband you're able to go into the settings tab and you notice there's a linkcalled the pokes so i win to pull this up here i get hergoing to pull upi am twentythe team from last year right team nineandsetting rightthat each member the loikesthey are not even keys these are fingerprints so you won't even actually see the public teacher but you can see thateach member of the team drawn are and to fightin case mister fogg's put in couples in each person added their own keys and then down here these this is mike mike appear i added right and so when i am going to do is come back to this little sample one i showed to care and this is the public and anatomy to public he contentthank;1166;0.7258405831177992;0.8434157410062881;0.7721867848115517