Okay. Welcome back. This is part two, uh, to make a video. Uhm I know the screen share cut out the last two minutes of the previous video and I apologize for that. I will back up and show you what I was talking about. But, essentially, I was on vagrantup dot com and screen sharing welcome in 3 2 1? Alright. I was on vagrantup dot com and this fine boxes like here. So these are premade apron boxes and you can see, there's one from centos. There's one from laravel. I was talking about ubuntu. And you can type in I'm an ubuntu person of xenial or by typing by. Ah bionic. You see the latest one right there? You also see third party people packaging Ah, their own distribution, which is okay. Ah, this is a bunch of the official one. This is from a guy called generic. Alright, fair enough. Alright, so that's two ways to get ah Vega boxes. We're going to first start with some of the pre made one prepared ones that come right from, uh, vagrant because, um, this is a good way just for kind of, uh, your own testing, you know, just, like, had need to, you know, try something. Uh, how to install? I don't know. I have to get server. You can use this, and and we start working right away, because, uh, we're going to add it there. Okay, Uh, just to show you also here, uh, while we were taking a break on my packages installed. Right. I've got all my tooling. So what I'm going to do is close my power shell window, and then if I come back here, I already have another one open and I type vagrant, right. Ah, dash v. Right. I will get Oops. I'm sorry. I had to close this window too. And let's go. Power shell. Okay, doesn't know, if you're installing things with chocolatey right, you need the admin prompt. But if you're just, uh, using power shell you do not need to have admin prompt. Get in to have it not working in the admin prompt. Going to screw up everything. Permission wise, if I do a vagrant dash version. Can't remember if it's dash dash or dash through. Give me the output here. So he says it shouldn't take this long. There was, uh no Dash, I think just version you can see right there. So if I type big in version okay should come back a lot quicker. Uh, some streaming the, uh, desktop. Everything I'm going to do here is a little slow, right? You'll see that I've got that. If I do Packer version right, Get version right then. Just Capital V. Right. Okay, so you'll see that I got my tools installed. You'll see the link to visual studio code. Virtual box, you're using Adam? Either way, I'm in good shape. Alright, let's go back to the book. So adding a vagrant box. Okay, So, first of all, the vagrant command, is it a command we're going to be interested in? Okay, Right. So if I type vagrant and then after the vagrant command, it has a bunch of ah, op art. Sorry. Arguments. It's not right. Yeah, arguments. So vagrant add uh sorry. Vagrants. Sorry. The box command has a bunch of options, so we're going to be working with boxes primarily so in vagrant. Most things start from the vagrant box command, so obviously, if you want to add a vagrant box we would. vagrant box add. vagrant box list. Right removed, right. The other ones, uh, we want to say worry about here, but add list and removed. So if we do a vagrant box list. Now, this one does take a minute. Even if you're not streaming things, it's interrogating vagrants, internal little databases. Come back and say, Hey, you haven't installed anything. Okay, He's probably use the vagrant box. Okay, so let's take a look here. So here the in my book, I give an example of just a bunch of things that are gone. The vagrant website. If you want to pull them in at down, sent to us seven. You know, learn about BSD as alpine molynix that bionic. Ah, go right ahead. Go right ahead. Um, I'm going to do this. I'm gonna show you a short cut. Right? So