Okay. Welcome back. This is part two, uh, to make a video. Um, I know the screen share cut out the last two minutes of the previous video, and I apologize for that. I will back up and show you what I was talking about. Essentially, I was on vagrant up dot com and engineering will commence 32 What? Alright. I was on vagrant up dot com and it's fine. Boxes link here, so these are pre made brine boxes and you can see from sent to us. There's one from talking about fun, too. And you can type in, uh, I'm in a bunch of persons of female or by typing by on bionic. You see the latest one right there? You'll also see third party people packaging, uh, their own distribution, which is Okay, uh, this is a bunch of the official one. This is from a guy called generic. Alright, fair enough. Alright. So that's two ways to get, uh, Vega boxes. We're gonna first start with some of the pre made ones, prepared ones that come right from, uh, vagrant because, um, this is a good way, just for kind of, uh, your own testing you know, just, like, had need to try something. Uh, how do I install? I don't know. I have to get server. You can use this and and start working right away. Uh, we're gonna add it there. Okay. Uh, just to show you also here, uh, while we were taking a break, all my packages installed, right? I've got all my tooling. So what I'm going to do, uh, is close my power shell window. And then if I come back here, I already have another one open and I type vagrant. Right? Uh, dash me right. I will get I'm sorry. I have to close this one, don't you? And let's go. Power show. Okay, Okay. Doesn't now, if you're installing things with chocolate ing right, you need the admin prompt. But if you're just, uh, using power shell, you do not need to have it prompts to get in the habit. Not working in the admin problems, going to screw up everything. Permission wise, if I do a vagrant dash Very good. Can't remember if it's dash, dash, dash word. Okay, we get the output here. He says okay. It shouldn't take as long as it was fun. It was, uh no Dash, I think Just version you can see right there. So that's a big inversion. Okay. Should come back a lot quicker. Uh, some streaming the, uh, desktop. Everything I'm going to do here is a little slow, right? You'll see that I've got that. If I do Packer version right, Get version right that Capital V right. Okay, so you'll see that I've got my tools installed. You'll see the link to visual studio code Virtual box. You're using Adam. Either way, I'm in good shape. Alright, let's go back to the book. So adding a vagrant box. Okay, so first of all, the vagrant command is the command we're gonna be interested in. Okay, Right. So if I tied vagrant and then after the vagrant command, it has a bunch of, uh, op art. Sorry. Arguments. Alright. Yeah. Arguments. So vagrant add uh sorry. Vegan's Sorry. The box come in, has a bunch of options. So we're gonna be working with boxes primarily. So in Vegas, most things start from the vagrant box command. So obviously we want to add a vagrant box. We would box add vagrant box lists, right, removed right the other ones, uh, we wanted to worry about here, but add list and removed. So if we do a vagrant box list now, this one does take the minute. Even if you're not streaming things, it's in Terry gaining vagrants, internal little databases. Come back and say, Hey, you haven't installed anything. Okay? You should probably use the baby inbox. Add. Okay, so let's take a look here. So here the in my book, I give an example of just a bunch of things that are on the website. If you want to pull anything down, sent to us seven. You know the trouble free. BSD is Alpine clinics that bionic. Uh, go right ahead. Go right ahead. Um, I'm going to do this. I'm gonna show you a shortcut, right? So