Good evening. Good morning. Good afternoon. Wherever you are, whatever you're doing, this is for, uh this is, uh it's March 11th. Um, this is I t m t 4 30 This is a small companion video to a document just posted an automation demonstration. Uh, you will find in, like, board under class notes. You will find a folder that says automation demo within it. There's a pdf. This companion video is kind of an explanation and expert exposition of the content in the document. Um, here. Mhm. And we go through it to talk about, uh, some suggestions and also deposit some questions, uh, in the pursuit of automation when we moved to human out of the central focus. Um, some situations come up that we may not have thought about, right? Especially in regards to a medication secrets. Um, how to configure systems, right. Uh, what year is Are are you What kind of permission? So these are things that we want you to think about, and it's kind of training to think about the bigger picture of what's going on with the computer, right? And so we want you to know, uh, what's going on? You know. Why is it doing what it's doing? And I'm going to go through this demo. We're gonna make some suggestions on how to solve these questions. Uh, some of the suggestions are are adequate. Uh, but not maybe not the best, right? There's a lot of other options out there. Um, but I want to present you at least something, uh, in your pursuit of automating these systems. So let's go through what we have here. And I'm going to break this up into smaller chunks of videos. Uh, so that, um, some parts might be, uh, review Some parts might be, um you already know some parts. You might want to jump to the end, so let everyone take the parts as they need. Alright. So here's our automation demo, and our small demo will show the concepts of application automation, our objectives. Right. So this whole a 10 page document we're going to discuss and explain issues of authentication and access with automation. Okay, these things come up. We need to understand what we're getting into. When we decided to automate application installs, uh, we're going to understand secrets management and discuss potential software solutions, right? Very important managing secret. Uh, we're going to discuss and understand the creation and use of S S H or, uh, also known as RSA Keys. Uh, and how they work with the private repositories, right? How we can clone code. That's not public. Uh, describe and understand the functional domains of Packer in Vegas No pattern maker into two pieces of software that have two different domains. It's important to understand what their domain of you know, what they do and how they're different. Uh, and why they're we're we're gonna suggest them, uh, for use in this case, uh, we're going to describe how to manage the creation of virtual machine images and artifacts with Packer. Right? That's packers domain to build artifacts. We're going to describe how to manage, create and start those virtual machines in Vegas. Right? Vagrants job is to manage and start those virtual machines. And then we can describe how to manage private networking and virtual box in vagrant for application deployment on your local computer. And this is really an amazing feature that we have nowadays that makes this, uh, very easy. This whole idea of application animation on a laptop, your own laptop on a desktop or even on the lab computer, which we have, uh, lab facilities and the next from him over text out 2033. And finally, we're gonna describe and understand the concept of provisioning and then post processing a virtual machine art effects. This allows us to not only just install base operating system, but we can now customize it completely to be exactly the way we want right to get our image, to get our software to get a code to get dependencies everything there. So we have a full knowledge and control of what's on the system at the outcome. Right. The end of the demonstration, you'll be able to deploy and create two virtual machines. I'm gonna give you some sample code that will will get you started containing a sample no Js application in a sample relational database using TV that will insert, make a table and insert records will show you how to seed passwords for a database. And then how to, um, configuration file for the database? Uh, we're gonna use Packer and then run, run and manage it by a vagrant, and then you'll successfully deployed this application code also from a private get hubris. Both you've used s S H and securely used RSA keys and also an ex firemen variables. So in reality under the hood, we're not We're not going to really do anything you haven't done already. Um, taking the security classes you've taken.