Good evening. Good morning. Good afternoon. Wherever you are. What if you're doing this is for, uh, I This is, uh it's march 11th. This is ITM 430. This is a small companion video to a document just posted an automation demonstration. Uh, you will find in, blackboard under class notes. You will find a folder that the automation demo within it. There's a PDF. This companion video is kind of an explanation. An exposition of the content in the document. Um, here. Mhm. And we go through it to talk about, ah, some suggestions and also deposit some questions, uh, in the pursuit of automation when we moved the human out of the central focus. Um, some situations come up that we may not have thought about, right? Especially in regards to authentication secrets. Um, how to configure systems. Right. Uh, what user are you. What kind of permission? So these are things that we want you to think about, and it's kind of training to think about the bigger picture of what's going on with the computer, right? And so we want you to know, uh, what's going on? You know, why is it, doing what it's doing. I'm going to go through this demo. We're going to make some suggestions on how to solve these questions. Uh, some of the suggestions are are adequate. Uh, but not maybe not the best, right? There's a lot of other options out there. Um, but I want to present you at least something. Ah, in your pursuit of automating these systems. Okay, so let's go through what we have here. And I'm going to break this up into smaller chunks of videos. Uh, so that, um, some parts might be review some parts. Might be, um, you already know some parts. Uh, you might want to jump to the end so that everyone take the parts as they need. All right. So here's our automation demo, and our small demo will show the concept of application automation, our objectives. Right. So this whole the 10 page document, we're going to discuss and explain issues of authentication and access with automation. Okay, these things come up. We need to understand what we're getting into when we decided to automate application stalls. uh, we're going to understand secrets management and discuss potential software solutions. Right? Very important. Managing secret. Uh, we're going to discuss and understand the creation and use of SSH or also known as RSA Keys. Uh, and how they work with private repositories, right? How we can clone code. That's not public. Ah, describe and understand the functional domains of packer and vegrant. No packer and make it into two pieces of software that have two different domains. This is important to understand what they're domain of, what they do and how they're different. Ah, and why they're we're we're going to suggest them, uh, for use in this case, uh, we're going to describe how to manage the creation of virtual machine images and artifacts with Packer. Right, That's packers domain to build artifacts. We're going to describe how to manage creating start those virtual machine in vagrant right vagrants Job is to manage and start those virtual machines. And then we can describe how to manage private networking in virtual box in vagrant for application deployment on your local computer. And this is really an amazing feature that we have nowadays that makes this ah, very easy. This whole idea of automation animation on a laptop, your own laptop on a desktop or even in the lab computer, which we have, uh, lab facilities and the next room over texts out 2033. And finally, we're going to describe and understand the concept of provisioning and then post processing a virtual machine artifacts. There's allows us to not only just install a base operating system, but we can now customize it completely to be exactly the way we want right to get our image, to get our software to get a code, dependencies, everything there are so we have a full knowledge in control of what's on the system. Okay, and at the outcome, right the end of the demonstration, you'll be able to deploy and create two virtual machines. I'm gonna give you some sample code that will will get you started containing a sample node.Js application and a sample relational database using MariaDB that will insert, make a table and insert records will show you how to seed root passwords for a database. And then how to, um, configuration file for the database? Uh, we are gonna use Packer and them and run and manage it by a vagrant. And then you'll successfully deployed this application code also from a private github repo. You've used SSh and securely used RSA keys. And also one experiment variables. So in reality under the hood. We're not We're not going to really do anything you haven't done already. Um, we've taken the security classes you've taken.