File;Compute time;STT;Transcripts;Levenshtein Distance ABS;Levenshtein Distance % Similarity;Cosine Similarity;Jaro Wrinker
masc3;93.075;AWS;Okay. Welcome back. This is part two, uh, to make a video. Um, I know the screen share cut out the last two minutes of the previous video, and I apologize for that. I will back up and show you what I was talking about. Essentially, I was on vagrant up dot com and engineering will commence 32 What? Alright. I was on vagrant up dot com and it's fine. Boxes link here, so these are pre made brine boxes and you can see from sent to us. There's one from talking about fun, too. And you can type in, uh, I'm in a bunch of persons of female or by typing by on bionic. You see the latest one right there? You'll also see third party people packaging, uh, their own distribution, which is Okay, uh, this is a bunch of the official one. This is from a guy called generic. Alright, fair enough. Alright. So that's two ways to get, uh, Vega boxes. We're gonna first start with some of the pre made ones, prepared ones that come right from, uh, vagrant because, um, this is a good way, just for kind of, uh, your own testing you know, just, like, had need to try something. Uh, how do I install? I don't know. I have to get server. You can use this and and start working right away. Uh, we're gonna add it there. Okay. Uh, just to show you also here, uh, while we were taking a break, all my packages installed, right? I've got all my tooling. So what I'm going to do, uh, is close my power shell window. And then if I come back here, I already have another one open and I type vagrant. Right? Uh, dash me right. I will get I'm sorry. I have to close this one, don't you? And let's go. Power show. Okay, Okay. Doesn't now, if you're installing things with chocolate ing right, you need the admin prompt. But if you're just, uh, using power shell, you do not need to have it prompts to get in the habit. Not working in the admin problems, going to screw up everything. Permission wise, if I do a vagrant dash Very good. Can't remember if it's dash, dash, dash word. Okay, we get the output here. He says okay. It shouldn't take as long as it was fun. It was, uh no Dash, I think Just version you can see right there. So that's a big inversion. Okay. Should come back a lot quicker. Uh, some streaming the, uh, desktop. Everything I'm going to do here is a little slow, right? You'll see that I've got that. If I do Packer version right, Get version right that Capital V right. Okay, so you'll see that I've got my tools installed. You'll see the link to visual studio code Virtual box. You're using Adam. Either way, I'm in good shape. Alright, let's go back to the book. So adding a vagrant box. Okay, so first of all, the vagrant command is the command we're gonna be interested in. Okay, Right. So if I tied vagrant and then after the vagrant command, it has a bunch of, uh, op art. Sorry. Arguments. Alright. Yeah. Arguments. So vagrant add uh sorry. Vegan's Sorry. The box come in, has a bunch of options. So we're gonna be working with boxes primarily. So in Vegas, most things start from the vagrant box command. So obviously we want to add a vagrant box. We would box add vagrant box lists, right, removed right the other ones, uh, we wanted to worry about here, but add list and removed. So if we do a vagrant box list now, this one does take the minute. Even if you're not streaming things, it's in Terry gaining vagrants, internal little databases. Come back and say, Hey, you haven't installed anything. Okay? You should probably use the baby inbox. Add. Okay, so let's take a look here. So here the in my book, I give an example of just a bunch of things that are on the website. If you want to pull anything down, sent to us seven. You know the trouble free. BSD is Alpine clinics that bionic. Uh, go right ahead. Go right ahead. Um, I'm going to do this. I'm gonna show you a shortcut, right? So;492;0.8716075156576201;0.9446192272182291;0.9006652829562044
masc3;181.534;DeepSpeech;this is part two of the make of video i know these green shirt cut out of the last two minutes of the previous video and i pause if that i will back up and show you what i was talking about essentially i was on vagrant up dot com andthe enduring all commend three twoi i was on vagrant of doom and his fine boxes link here so these are pre made bearing boxes and you can science from santos there's one from alabastine about antoinette in a bunch of persons with enmity and byis he the latest one right therea third party people packagingtheir own distribution which is okay this is a bunch of deficit in this is from a guy called genericso that's two ways to get manorbere going to first start with some of the premane prepared ones that come right fromthe rent because this is good way just for kind of up your own testing you know just like having no try something or how do i install i don't know i have to get server you can use this and a start working right away came a we're going to add it there just to show you pusher while we were taking a break in my pack cousin stall right i've got all my telling to what i'm going to do is close my power shall window and then if i come back here i rehandle vagrant rightaswell get i'm sorry i had closed his window tip unless go power shalldoesn't knowyou're insulting with chocolate right you need the admirant but if you're just using power shall you do not need the advantage in the habit not working in the adipose could escrow everything permission was the i do a vagrant dash versiondash or dashedwith the output hereasit is long the pond it was no dash i think just versioni can see it thereso my divagationshould come back a lot quicker some streaming the desk top everything i'm going to do here is a little slow right you'll see that i've got that i do pack her versionityet burned and right and dish capital be right so you'll see that i've got my tools install you'll see the link to visual studio code virtual as you using adam either way i am in good shape all right let's go back to the bookso adding a vagrant box out o first of all the big green commandis the command we're going to be interested in a clear bright so i tied vagrant and then after the bare command it has a bunch of orsoyarguments not rightarguments so vagrant a sorry vagrantso the box command has a bunch of options so we're going to be working with boxes primarily so in vagary most things start from the bagmen box command so obviously we want to add a vagrant box we would thereby at the end box list right remove right the other ones we will nestle worry about here but a list and removed so we do a vagrant box lestthis one does take a minute even if you're not streaming things it's interrogating vagrants and turn a little database ones come back and say hey you have installed anythinghe's probably in the barbox had okay so let's take a look in so here the in my book i give an example of just a bunch of things that on the bannister you want a pull it in any town sansovino level rebellin lenox is by unicolored goethe i am going to do thisyou a short cut right so;1140;0.7025052192066805;0.7319131785312543;0.7792412852733226