I talked to a lot of people who are traditional admins, and they basically set up some sort of automation, even if it's bearable. Bass scripts to initialize an instance the same way, regardless of what are your initializing so is there doing. Unix Linux, Whatever. Even windows they're trying to find a genius solution. The home with a solution. There were probably everybody's in my brain, and so they insure that that just been up. And as long as that's the case and I mean people, right, somebody goes role, does it. You can't do that at the cold tripping and people think, but that that's what when you said you have to cut it off the network and what I'm gonna say is not complain, and then everyone, the process. So this is kind of hard because it's easy to just put something out. Technology laptop out in front and a couple laptops at home. Right. You can deploy something on Amazon. You can put something out really quick, but it's kind of musulim memory the Japanish word is kada. Like a repeted thing that becomes a habit and becomes part of you. So we're ganna include some best practices for operations and development. DevOps right there is your, uh, playing with DevOps as a drinking game right now? I don't think you can have yours right now. They mention right. Ah, show how developers can better enable monitoring. This is for you know, this class is lifted on the ITMO, but it's really no artificial split that says it's only an operation systems class right, developers beneficts as well here. an that's when you're developing a brand new program or you inherit or have to maintain something, so we wanna not excluded that we're all operations people here not saying. arg I never be a developer. You never know. I want to learn how to address changes in IT, dinamic IT environment. Well, what I mean is that in bigger of your comedy, not really hard. What I see is while bigger your hire companies. Becouse what people do is don't know our role. And then if you do try to cut them off, as I'm said, go up and then from down, can you cut them off. And then you are forced to. Because so the answer I would think is the driving through. May do your job, do it well, when your people get promoted, eventually you get promoted to the senior and then kind of trigh it down. I don't like. True, But most people that want to do tecnical things tend to either not want to do management or lack the skill to do, management. And so that's the challenge that I've seen it. Any grassroots movement I started at my workplace Don't sustain because one day needs founding and needs to be shot from the top. Right? Unless you have a champion at that big boy table. Yeah, big big boy/girl table, right? Be professional table. How about that, uh, where people or the people Let me have that we're not in your money at nine. Or was it for that? You are wasn't able or whatever they do so that at least times I've seen it where I'm working with people who are like technical 5, 6 a part of me, architects all of that. But even there. They don't control the budget, right? The budget comes from upper men from a director VP between those. So you need people on this class. Yes, but they would write right. Oh, who knows, any CTI, CTO or something. That would be great. But going back, they have an interest in understanding the tech. Yeah. And what is that? They're also the thing that they are there because they don't want to do the job you are doing. They thrust you to do it. Then thrust me and give me the money, I ask for. So, we will hoppefully see as the generation Go. And you just hear you on line watching as graduate go and kind of multiply the knowledge might turnover in time And we might be at the edge, funny eh. So page 16 what is monitoring and why do we mention here. Some people may be aware of it or may have some ideas? Why doesn't exist. Yeah, I what we get in there? Yeah, yeah, So what is monitoring.