so there are ah, crap. Like I'm on three. Ah, just lays in management through various had VMware. Ah, and virtual law. This is an old bill, my son that were And then, like, um, he's still out there on your name. Or we haven't done anything any kind of becoming the fact of the under cross platform that you can manage. Uh, various operating system. So, um, because of the standards are so well, we don't have to download it if you want to go over our Donald later, right? You better. I I love you. Have it, um, that around pretty much turn country. Um, but time along. And remember that net switch from just don't may application those mass line Now develop the front end, right? I'm not worried about that. I want to get that 91 bill back in a p i e. So I don't know, man. Ah, pictures. My name mentioned like 20 him, and they would have probably about 20 b. You can go to the nation about it, but they they they want a link up. So she wrote me Go that way all over all those be born options and say, Hey, you a figuration? Why? Where you said very values and then use of a curable. We've been slated number. While it would be a lot simpler, turn it off to be low then started today, right to destroy it and start again. The top right three to me is ma'am did a client that would allow me directly at Cisco, and it was removed Half day you are around, like, half a user. Or one day they they connect direct 1\/3 party who happens? Maintenance right this a lot because, uh, also a lot of you very thing here, your develop a while I have you here and then they have a form where you can distribute those in a machine member of your E. What does your developers? Ah, Rainn decided to look at some of the hey, right here in this. Just run this by Hey, you want to look back round everybody good, right? So you could 11 a.m. Well, from my ne were standard, I'd say everybody on, um a my Why we're not ah equal. Um anyway, give them all it goes in that direction late. We just rolled out of all the baby file file and then we'll get a damn. I'll add new machine. They turn the religious stuff hard, dry, dry description right here with a simple man. Ah!